Commercial use license
Last update July 05, 2016

This is a legal agreement between you, the Purchaser, and the Licensor. Purchasing or downloading of any image (Licensed Material), constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this agreement.

Grant of rights

This license is provided by Preloaders.net (Russian Federation, Moscow) and grants you, the User, a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the Licensed Material.

The Licensed Material is permitted to be used:
For any personal, commercial, editorial or client purpose
In an altered, cropped or otherwise modified or manipulated way
One license permits the Licensed Material to be used in any amount of projects. The license takes effect immediately after an image is downloaded. The license permits to use Licenced Material in any size, color or any other modification made to it through the Preloaders.net image modification tool (generator) or otherwise.

The Licensed Material may be reproduced in:
Printed Material
Advertisements
Packaging
Presentations
Video
On-line content
Computer games
Multimedia projects
Paid web-site templates
Smartphone and desktop apps - both free and paid.
Restrictions

All ownership and copyright of the Licensed Material remain the property of licensor. The licensed Material is not being sold, but provided to the user under the terms of this agreement.

The Licensed Material or any derivative work based on the Licensed Material may not be directly or indirectly licensed, sublicensed, sold, resold or redistributed alone - even for free, without the licensor's permission. Free re-distribution is only allowed if the page of re-distribution includes a hyperlink to https://preloaders.net or https://icons8.com/preloaders page or a related subpage.

The Licensed Material may not be placed (exception: hyperlink reference to https://preloaders.net or https://icons8.com/preloaders page or any internal subpage of https://preloaders.net or https://icons8.com/preloaders web-sites):

On any website in a complete or archived downloadable format
On any electronic bulletin board or downloadable format
In a way that enables it to be distributed in any other way
The Licensed Material may not be:
Sold
Incorporated into a logo or other trademark (exception: hyperlink reference to https://preloaders.net or https://icons8.com/preloaders page or a related subpage)
The account data and the account that is provided with a purchase or otherwise can not be sold, re-sold or re-distributed in any way. Disobedience to this term leads to revokation of the account and anullment of all licenses purchased with the account.

When using Licensed Material from "Social bookmarks" category you agree to terms of use and privacy policy of a particular logo provided by it`s owner

The production of the provided source files (if any available) and the source files themselves are subjects to terms and conditions of this license
Affiliate program terms and conditions
Purchases are accepted as affiliate purchases if the payment is made within session length period (30 minutes). This means that if a referral (here and further - a customer that arrived through an affiliate link) spends more time than session length period between switching pages, the customer may not be registered as a referral of a particular affiliate (when referral navigates to any page of Preloaders.net web-site session period is re-started). The session is re-started if the referral follows the affiliate link again.

If an order of a referral is refunded the received by the affiliate amount from the purchase is deducted from the affiliate balance.

Currency conversion rate is calculated by project internal rate on the date of order payment.

Preloaders.net reserves the right to modify session length and any other changes to affiliate program without any notice.
Privacy policy

Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google\'s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

General terms
Preloaders.net project reserves the right to refuse service to anyone without any explanation and/or notification